=== Instance 1 Begin ===

c0_cpu1 : c0_resource 
  c0_capacity 
  c0_resource_type 
    c0_abstraction 
      c0_ACTIVE 
    c0_identifier 
  c0_mode 
    c0_exclusive 
      c0_capacity_based 
  c1_power_consumption 
    c0_scalable 
      c0_discrete 
  c0_objective : c0_resource_related_objective 
    c1_purpose : c0_objective_purpose 
      c0_mini$1 
    c1_criteria 
      c1_resource_related_objective_criteria : c0_resource_related_objective_criteria 
        c0_power_consumption 
c0_cpu2 : c0_resource 
  c0_capacity$1 
  c0_resource_type$1 
    c0_abstraction$1 
      c0_ACTIVE$1 
    c0_identifier$1 
  c0_mode$1 
    c0_exclusive$1 
      c0_capacity_based$1 
  c1_power_consumption$1 
    c0_scalable$1 
      c0_discrete$1 
  c0_objective$1 : c0_resource_related_objective 
    c1_purpose$1 : c0_objective_purpose 
      c0_maxi 
    c1_criteria$1 
      c1_resource_related_objective_criteria$1 : c0_resource_related_objective_criteria 
        c0_utilization 
c0_CPUs : c0_resource 
  c0_capacity$2 
  c0_resource_type$2 
    c0_abstraction$2 
      c0_COMPOSITE 
    c0_identifier$2 
  c0_mode$2 
    c0_exclusive$2 
      c0_capacity_based$2 
  c1_power_consumption$2 
c0_t1 : c0_task 
  c1_timing : c0_timing 
    c0_release_time 
    c0_execution_time 
    c0_deadline 
    c0_periodicity 
      c0_periodic 
  c0_priority 
  c1_requirement : c0_requirement 
    c1_deadline 
      c0_hard 
    c0_required_resources -> c0_resource_requirement = c0_req1 
  c0_granularity 
    c0_terminal 
c0_req1 : c0_resource_requirement 
  c0_eligible_resources -> c0_resource = c0_cpu1 
  c0_resource_identifier 
c0_t2 : c0_task 
  c1_timing$1 : c0_timing 
    c0_release_time$1 
    c0_execution_time$1 
    c0_deadline$1 
    c0_periodicity$1 
      c0_aperiodic 
  c0_priority$1 
  c0_preemptable 
  c1_requirement$1 : c0_requirement 
    c1_deadline$1 
      c0_hard$1 
    c0_required_resources$1 -> c0_resource_requirement = c0_req2 
  c0_granularity$1 
    c0_terminal$1 
c0_req2 : c0_resource_requirement 
  c0_eligible_resources$1 -> c0_resource = c0_cpu2 
  c0_resource_identifier$1 
c0_objective_gl : c0_global_objective 
  c2_purpose : c0_objective_purpose 
    c0_mini 
  c2_criteria 
    c2_time_related_objective_criteria : c0_time_related_objective_criteria 
      c0_tardiness 
c0_sched : c0_scheduler 
  c0_taskset -> c0_task = c0_t1 
  c0_taskset$1 -> c0_task = c0_t2 
  c0_system -> c0_resource = c0_cpu1 
  c0_system$1 -> c0_resource = c0_cpu2 
  c0_system$2 -> c0_resource = c0_CPUs 
  c0_properties : c0_scheduling_characteristic 
    c0_scheduling_characteristic_type 
      c0_offline 
    c0_policy : c0_scheduling_policy 
      c0_ranking 
        c0_user_defined 
    c0_time_resolution 
    c0_priority_assignment 
      c0_fixed 
    c0_scheduling_window 
    c2_objective -> c0_global_objective = c0_objective_gl 
  c0_strategy : c0_scheduling_strategy 
    c1_solver : c0_solver 
      c0_IBM_ILOG_CPLEX_Optimizer 
    c0_solver_meta_knowledge 
    c1_input : c0_input 
      c1_DSLB : c0_DSLB 
        c0_name -> string = "Domain-Specific Language Based" 
      c1_DSB : c0_DSB 
        c1_name -> string = "Domain Structure Based" 
    c1_output : c0_output 
      c2_DSLB : c0_DSLB 
        c0_name$1 -> string = "Domain-Specific Language Based" 
      c2_DSB : c0_DSB 
        c1_name$1 -> string = "Domain Structure Based" 

--- Instance 1 End ---

=== Instance 2 Begin ===

c0_cpu1 : c0_resource 
  c0_capacity 
  c0_resource_type 
    c0_abstraction 
      c0_ACTIVE 
    c0_identifier 
  c0_mode 
    c0_exclusive 
      c0_capacity_based 
  c1_power_consumption 
    c0_scalable 
      c0_discrete 
  c0_objective : c0_resource_related_objective 
    c1_purpose : c0_objective_purpose 
      c0_mini$1 
    c1_criteria 
      c1_resource_related_objective_criteria : c0_resource_related_objective_criteria 
        c0_power_consumption 
c0_cpu2 : c0_resource 
  c0_capacity$1 
  c0_resource_type$1 
    c0_abstraction$1 
      c0_ACTIVE$1 
    c0_identifier$1 
  c0_mode$1 
    c0_exclusive$1 
      c0_capacity_based$1 
  c1_power_consumption$1 
    c0_scalable$1 
      c0_discrete$1 
  c0_objective$1 : c0_resource_related_objective 
    c1_purpose$1 : c0_objective_purpose 
      c0_maxi 
    c1_criteria$1 
      c1_resource_related_objective_criteria$1 : c0_resource_related_objective_criteria 
        c0_utilization 
        c0_throughput 
c0_CPUs : c0_resource 
  c0_capacity$2 
  c0_resource_type$2 
    c0_abstraction$2 
      c0_COMPOSITE 
    c0_identifier$2 
  c0_mode$2 
    c0_exclusive$2 
      c0_capacity_based$2 
  c1_power_consumption$2 
c0_t1 : c0_task 
  c1_timing : c0_timing 
    c0_release_time 
    c0_execution_time 
    c0_deadline 
    c0_periodicity 
      c0_periodic 
  c0_priority 
  c1_requirement : c0_requirement 
    c1_deadline 
      c0_hard 
    c0_required_resources -> c0_resource_requirement = c0_req1 
  c0_granularity 
    c0_terminal 
c0_req1 : c0_resource_requirement 
  c0_eligible_resources -> c0_resource = c0_cpu1 
  c0_resource_identifier 
c0_t2 : c0_task 
  c1_timing$1 : c0_timing 
    c0_release_time$1 
    c0_execution_time$1 
    c0_deadline$1 
    c0_periodicity$1 
      c0_aperiodic 
  c0_priority$1 
  c0_preemptable 
  c1_requirement$1 : c0_requirement 
    c1_deadline$1 
      c0_hard$1 
    c0_required_resources$1 -> c0_resource_requirement = c0_req2 
  c0_granularity$1 
    c0_terminal$1 
c0_req2 : c0_resource_requirement 
  c0_eligible_resources$1 -> c0_resource = c0_cpu2 
  c0_resource_identifier$1 
c0_objective_gl : c0_global_objective 
  c2_purpose : c0_objective_purpose 
    c0_mini 
  c2_criteria 
    c2_time_related_objective_criteria : c0_time_related_objective_criteria 
      c0_tardiness 
c0_sched : c0_scheduler 
  c0_taskset -> c0_task = c0_t1 
  c0_taskset$1 -> c0_task = c0_t2 
  c0_system -> c0_resource = c0_cpu1 
  c0_system$1 -> c0_resource = c0_cpu2 
  c0_system$2 -> c0_resource = c0_CPUs 
  c0_properties : c0_scheduling_characteristic 
    c0_scheduling_characteristic_type 
      c0_offline 
    c0_policy : c0_scheduling_policy 
      c0_ranking 
        c0_user_defined 
    c0_time_resolution 
    c0_priority_assignment 
      c0_fixed 
    c0_scheduling_window 
    c2_objective -> c0_global_objective = c0_objective_gl 
  c0_strategy : c0_scheduling_strategy 
    c1_solver : c0_solver 
      c0_IBM_ILOG_CPLEX_Optimizer 
    c0_solver_meta_knowledge 
    c1_input : c0_input 
      c1_DSLB : c0_DSLB 
        c0_name -> string = "Domain-Specific Language Based" 
      c1_DSB : c0_DSB 
        c1_name -> string = "Domain Structure Based" 
    c1_output : c0_output 
      c2_DSLB : c0_DSLB 
        c0_name$1 -> string = "Domain-Specific Language Based" 
      c2_DSB : c0_DSB 
        c1_name$1 -> string = "Domain Structure Based" 

--- Instance 2 End ---

=== Instance 3 Begin ===

c0_cpu1 : c0_resource 
  c0_capacity 
  c0_resource_type 
    c0_abstraction 
      c0_ACTIVE 
    c0_identifier 
  c0_mode 
    c0_exclusive 
      c0_capacity_based 
  c1_power_consumption 
    c0_scalable 
      c0_discrete 
  c0_objective : c0_resource_related_objective 
    c1_purpose : c0_objective_purpose 
      c0_mini$1 
    c1_criteria 
      c1_resource_related_objective_criteria : c0_resource_related_objective_criteria 
        c0_power_consumption 
        c0_throughput 
c0_cpu2 : c0_resource 
  c0_capacity$1 
  c0_resource_type$1 
    c0_abstraction$1 
      c0_ACTIVE$1 
    c0_identifier$1 
  c0_mode$1 
    c0_exclusive$1 
      c0_capacity_based$1 
  c1_power_consumption$1 
    c0_scalable$1 
      c0_discrete$1 
  c0_objective$1 : c0_resource_related_objective 
    c1_purpose$1 : c0_objective_purpose 
      c0_maxi 
    c1_criteria$1 
      c1_resource_related_objective_criteria$1 : c0_resource_related_objective_criteria 
        c0_utilization 
c0_CPUs : c0_resource 
  c0_capacity$2 
  c0_resource_type$2 
    c0_abstraction$2 
      c0_COMPOSITE 
    c0_identifier$2 
  c0_mode$2 
    c0_exclusive$2 
      c0_capacity_based$2 
  c1_power_consumption$2 
c0_t1 : c0_task 
  c1_timing : c0_timing 
    c0_release_time 
    c0_execution_time 
    c0_deadline 
    c0_periodicity 
      c0_periodic 
  c0_priority 
  c1_requirement : c0_requirement 
    c1_deadline 
      c0_hard 
    c0_required_resources -> c0_resource_requirement = c0_req1 
  c0_granularity 
    c0_terminal 
c0_req1 : c0_resource_requirement 
  c0_eligible_resources -> c0_resource = c0_cpu1 
  c0_resource_identifier 
c0_t2 : c0_task 
  c1_timing$1 : c0_timing 
    c0_release_time$1 
    c0_execution_time$1 
    c0_deadline$1 
    c0_periodicity$1 
      c0_aperiodic 
  c0_priority$1 
  c0_preemptable 
  c1_requirement$1 : c0_requirement 
    c1_deadline$1 
      c0_hard$1 
    c0_required_resources$1 -> c0_resource_requirement = c0_req2 
  c0_granularity$1 
    c0_terminal$1 
c0_req2 : c0_resource_requirement 
  c0_eligible_resources$1 -> c0_resource = c0_cpu2 
  c0_resource_identifier$1 
c0_objective_gl : c0_global_objective 
  c2_purpose : c0_objective_purpose 
    c0_mini 
  c2_criteria 
    c2_time_related_objective_criteria : c0_time_related_objective_criteria 
      c0_tardiness 
c0_sched : c0_scheduler 
  c0_taskset -> c0_task = c0_t1 
  c0_taskset$1 -> c0_task = c0_t2 
  c0_system -> c0_resource = c0_cpu1 
  c0_system$1 -> c0_resource = c0_cpu2 
  c0_system$2 -> c0_resource = c0_CPUs 
  c0_properties : c0_scheduling_characteristic 
    c0_scheduling_characteristic_type 
      c0_offline 
    c0_policy : c0_scheduling_policy 
      c0_ranking 
        c0_user_defined 
    c0_time_resolution 
    c0_priority_assignment 
      c0_fixed 
    c0_scheduling_window 
    c2_objective -> c0_global_objective = c0_objective_gl 
  c0_strategy : c0_scheduling_strategy 
    c1_solver : c0_solver 
      c0_IBM_ILOG_CPLEX_Optimizer 
    c0_solver_meta_knowledge 
    c1_input : c0_input 
      c1_DSLB : c0_DSLB 
        c0_name -> string = "Domain-Specific Language Based" 
      c1_DSB : c0_DSB 
        c1_name -> string = "Domain Structure Based" 
    c1_output : c0_output 
      c2_DSLB : c0_DSLB 
        c0_name$1 -> string = "Domain-Specific Language Based" 
      c2_DSB : c0_DSB 
        c1_name$1 -> string = "Domain Structure Based" 

--- Instance 3 End ---

=== Instance 4 Begin ===

c0_cpu1 : c0_resource 
  c0_capacity 
  c0_resource_type 
    c0_abstraction 
      c0_ACTIVE 
    c0_identifier 
  c0_mode 
    c0_exclusive 
      c0_capacity_based 
  c1_power_consumption 
    c0_scalable 
      c0_discrete 
  c0_objective : c0_resource_related_objective 
    c1_purpose : c0_objective_purpose 
      c0_mini$1 
    c1_criteria 
      c1_resource_related_objective_criteria : c0_resource_related_objective_criteria 
        c0_power_consumption 
        c0_throughput 
c0_cpu2 : c0_resource 
  c0_capacity$1 
  c0_resource_type$1 
    c0_abstraction$1 
      c0_ACTIVE$1 
    c0_identifier$1 
  c0_mode$1 
    c0_exclusive$1 
      c0_capacity_based$1 
  c1_power_consumption$1 
    c0_scalable$1 
      c0_discrete$1 
  c0_objective$1 : c0_resource_related_objective 
    c1_purpose$1 : c0_objective_purpose 
      c0_maxi 
    c1_criteria$1 
      c1_resource_related_objective_criteria$1 : c0_resource_related_objective_criteria 
        c0_utilization 
        c0_throughput$1 
c0_CPUs : c0_resource 
  c0_capacity$2 
  c0_resource_type$2 
    c0_abstraction$2 
      c0_COMPOSITE 
    c0_identifier$2 
  c0_mode$2 
    c0_exclusive$2 
      c0_capacity_based$2 
  c1_power_consumption$2 
c0_t1 : c0_task 
  c1_timing : c0_timing 
    c0_release_time 
    c0_execution_time 
    c0_deadline 
    c0_periodicity 
      c0_periodic 
  c0_priority 
  c1_requirement : c0_requirement 
    c1_deadline 
      c0_hard 
    c0_required_resources -> c0_resource_requirement = c0_req1 
  c0_granularity 
    c0_terminal 
c0_req1 : c0_resource_requirement 
  c0_eligible_resources -> c0_resource = c0_cpu1 
  c0_resource_identifier 
c0_t2 : c0_task 
  c1_timing$1 : c0_timing 
    c0_release_time$1 
    c0_execution_time$1 
    c0_deadline$1 
    c0_periodicity$1 
      c0_aperiodic 
  c0_priority$1 
  c0_preemptable 
  c1_requirement$1 : c0_requirement 
    c1_deadline$1 
      c0_hard$1 
    c0_required_resources$1 -> c0_resource_requirement = c0_req2 
  c0_granularity$1 
    c0_terminal$1 
c0_req2 : c0_resource_requirement 
  c0_eligible_resources$1 -> c0_resource = c0_cpu2 
  c0_resource_identifier$1 
c0_objective_gl : c0_global_objective 
  c2_purpose : c0_objective_purpose 
    c0_mini 
  c2_criteria 
    c2_time_related_objective_criteria : c0_time_related_objective_criteria 
      c0_tardiness 
c0_sched : c0_scheduler 
  c0_taskset -> c0_task = c0_t1 
  c0_taskset$1 -> c0_task = c0_t2 
  c0_system -> c0_resource = c0_cpu1 
  c0_system$1 -> c0_resource = c0_cpu2 
  c0_system$2 -> c0_resource = c0_CPUs 
  c0_properties : c0_scheduling_characteristic 
    c0_scheduling_characteristic_type 
      c0_offline 
    c0_policy : c0_scheduling_policy 
      c0_ranking 
        c0_user_defined 
    c0_time_resolution 
    c0_priority_assignment 
      c0_fixed 
    c0_scheduling_window 
    c2_objective -> c0_global_objective = c0_objective_gl 
  c0_strategy : c0_scheduling_strategy 
    c1_solver : c0_solver 
      c0_IBM_ILOG_CPLEX_Optimizer 
    c0_solver_meta_knowledge 
    c1_input : c0_input 
      c1_DSLB : c0_DSLB 
        c0_name -> string = "Domain-Specific Language Based" 
      c1_DSB : c0_DSB 
        c1_name -> string = "Domain Structure Based" 
    c1_output : c0_output 
      c2_DSLB : c0_DSLB 
        c0_name$1 -> string = "Domain-Specific Language Based" 
      c2_DSB : c0_DSB 
        c1_name$1 -> string = "Domain Structure Based" 

--- Instance 4 End ---

=== Instance 5 Begin ===

c0_cpu1 : c0_resource 
  c0_capacity 
  c0_resource_type 
    c0_abstraction 
      c0_ACTIVE 
    c0_identifier 
  c0_mode 
    c0_exclusive 
      c0_capacity_based 
  c1_power_consumption 
    c0_scalable 
      c0_discrete 
  c0_objective : c0_resource_related_objective 
    c1_purpose : c0_objective_purpose 
      c0_mini$1 
    c1_criteria 
      c1_resource_related_objective_criteria : c0_resource_related_objective_criteria 
        c0_power_consumption 
c0_cpu2 : c0_resource 
  c0_capacity$1 
  c0_resource_type$1 
    c0_abstraction$1 
      c0_ACTIVE$1 
    c0_identifier$1 
  c0_mode$1 
    c0_exclusive$1 
      c0_capacity_based$1 
  c1_power_consumption$1 
    c0_scalable$1 
      c0_discrete$1 
  c0_objective$1 : c0_resource_related_objective 
    c1_purpose$1 : c0_objective_purpose 
      c0_maxi 
    c1_criteria$1 
      c1_resource_related_objective_criteria$1 : c0_resource_related_objective_criteria 
        c0_utilization 
c0_CPUs : c0_resource 
  c0_capacity$2 
  c0_resource_type$2 
    c0_abstraction$2 
      c0_COMPOSITE 
    c0_identifier$2 
  c0_mode$2 
    c0_exclusive$2 
      c0_capacity_based$2 
      c0_semantic_based 
  c1_power_consumption$2 
c0_t1 : c0_task 
  c1_timing : c0_timing 
    c0_release_time 
    c0_execution_time 
    c0_deadline 
    c0_periodicity 
      c0_periodic 
  c0_priority 
  c1_requirement : c0_requirement 
    c1_deadline 
      c0_hard 
    c0_required_resources -> c0_resource_requirement = c0_req1 
  c0_granularity 
    c0_terminal 
c0_req1 : c0_resource_requirement 
  c0_eligible_resources -> c0_resource = c0_cpu1 
  c0_resource_identifier 
c0_t2 : c0_task 
  c1_timing$1 : c0_timing 
    c0_release_time$1 
    c0_execution_time$1 
    c0_deadline$1 
    c0_periodicity$1 
      c0_aperiodic 
  c0_priority$1 
  c0_preemptable 
  c1_requirement$1 : c0_requirement 
    c1_deadline$1 
      c0_hard$1 
    c0_required_resources$1 -> c0_resource_requirement = c0_req2 
  c0_granularity$1 
    c0_terminal$1 
c0_req2 : c0_resource_requirement 
  c0_eligible_resources$1 -> c0_resource = c0_cpu2 
  c0_resource_identifier$1 
c0_objective_gl : c0_global_objective 
  c2_purpose : c0_objective_purpose 
    c0_mini 
  c2_criteria 
    c2_time_related_objective_criteria : c0_time_related_objective_criteria 
      c0_tardiness 
c0_sched : c0_scheduler 
  c0_taskset -> c0_task = c0_t1 
  c0_taskset$1 -> c0_task = c0_t2 
  c0_system -> c0_resource = c0_cpu1 
  c0_system$1 -> c0_resource = c0_cpu2 
  c0_system$2 -> c0_resource = c0_CPUs 
  c0_properties : c0_scheduling_characteristic 
    c0_scheduling_characteristic_type 
      c0_offline 
    c0_policy : c0_scheduling_policy 
      c0_ranking 
        c0_user_defined 
    c0_time_resolution 
    c0_priority_assignment 
      c0_fixed 
    c0_scheduling_window 
    c2_objective -> c0_global_objective = c0_objective_gl 
  c0_strategy : c0_scheduling_strategy 
    c1_solver : c0_solver 
      c0_IBM_ILOG_CPLEX_Optimizer 
    c0_solver_meta_knowledge 
    c1_input : c0_input 
      c1_DSLB : c0_DSLB 
        c0_name -> string = "Domain-Specific Language Based" 
      c1_DSB : c0_DSB 
        c1_name -> string = "Domain Structure Based" 
    c1_output : c0_output 
      c2_DSLB : c0_DSLB 
        c0_name$1 -> string = "Domain-Specific Language Based" 
      c2_DSB : c0_DSB 
        c1_name$1 -> string = "Domain Structure Based" 

--- Instance 5 End ---

=== Instance 6 Begin ===

c0_cpu1 : c0_resource 
  c0_capacity 
  c0_resource_type 
    c0_abstraction 
      c0_ACTIVE 
    c0_identifier 
  c0_mode 
    c0_exclusive 
      c0_capacity_based 
  c1_power_consumption 
    c0_scalable 
      c0_discrete 
  c0_objective : c0_resource_related_objective 
    c1_purpose : c0_objective_purpose 
      c0_mini$1 
    c1_criteria 
      c1_resource_related_objective_criteria : c0_resource_related_objective_criteria 
        c0_power_consumption 
c0_cpu2 : c0_resource 
  c0_capacity$1 
  c0_resource_type$1 
    c0_abstraction$1 
      c0_ACTIVE$1 
    c0_identifier$1 
  c0_mode$1 
    c0_exclusive$1 
      c0_capacity_based$1 
  c1_power_consumption$1 
    c0_scalable$1 
      c0_discrete$1 
  c0_objective$1 : c0_resource_related_objective 
    c1_purpose$1 : c0_objective_purpose 
      c0_maxi 
    c1_criteria$1 
      c1_resource_related_objective_criteria$1 : c0_resource_related_objective_criteria 
        c0_utilization 
        c0_throughput 
c0_CPUs : c0_resource 
  c0_capacity$2 
  c0_resource_type$2 
    c0_abstraction$2 
      c0_COMPOSITE 
    c0_identifier$2 
  c0_mode$2 
    c0_exclusive$2 
      c0_capacity_based$2 
      c0_semantic_based 
  c1_power_consumption$2 
c0_t1 : c0_task 
  c1_timing : c0_timing 
    c0_release_time 
    c0_execution_time 
    c0_deadline 
    c0_periodicity 
      c0_periodic 
  c0_priority 
  c1_requirement : c0_requirement 
    c1_deadline 
      c0_hard 
    c0_required_resources -> c0_resource_requirement = c0_req1 
  c0_granularity 
    c0_terminal 
c0_req1 : c0_resource_requirement 
  c0_eligible_resources -> c0_resource = c0_cpu1 
  c0_resource_identifier 
c0_t2 : c0_task 
  c1_timing$1 : c0_timing 
    c0_release_time$1 
    c0_execution_time$1 
    c0_deadline$1 
    c0_periodicity$1 
      c0_aperiodic 
  c0_priority$1 
  c0_preemptable 
  c1_requirement$1 : c0_requirement 
    c1_deadline$1 
      c0_hard$1 
    c0_required_resources$1 -> c0_resource_requirement = c0_req2 
  c0_granularity$1 
    c0_terminal$1 
c0_req2 : c0_resource_requirement 
  c0_eligible_resources$1 -> c0_resource = c0_cpu2 
  c0_resource_identifier$1 
c0_objective_gl : c0_global_objective 
  c2_purpose : c0_objective_purpose 
    c0_mini 
  c2_criteria 
    c2_time_related_objective_criteria : c0_time_related_objective_criteria 
      c0_tardiness 
c0_sched : c0_scheduler 
  c0_taskset -> c0_task = c0_t1 
  c0_taskset$1 -> c0_task = c0_t2 
  c0_system -> c0_resource = c0_cpu1 
  c0_system$1 -> c0_resource = c0_cpu2 
  c0_system$2 -> c0_resource = c0_CPUs 
  c0_properties : c0_scheduling_characteristic 
    c0_scheduling_characteristic_type 
      c0_offline 
    c0_policy : c0_scheduling_policy 
      c0_ranking 
        c0_user_defined 
    c0_time_resolution 
    c0_priority_assignment 
      c0_fixed 
    c0_scheduling_window 
    c2_objective -> c0_global_objective = c0_objective_gl 
  c0_strategy : c0_scheduling_strategy 
    c1_solver : c0_solver 
      c0_IBM_ILOG_CPLEX_Optimizer 
    c0_solver_meta_knowledge 
    c1_input : c0_input 
      c1_DSLB : c0_DSLB 
        c0_name -> string = "Domain-Specific Language Based" 
      c1_DSB : c0_DSB 
        c1_name -> string = "Domain Structure Based" 
    c1_output : c0_output 
      c2_DSLB : c0_DSLB 
        c0_name$1 -> string = "Domain-Specific Language Based" 
      c2_DSB : c0_DSB 
        c1_name$1 -> string = "Domain Structure Based" 

--- Instance 6 End ---

=== Instance 7 Begin ===

c0_cpu1 : c0_resource 
  c0_capacity 
  c0_resource_type 
    c0_abstraction 
      c0_ACTIVE 
    c0_identifier 
  c0_mode 
    c0_exclusive 
      c0_capacity_based 
  c1_power_consumption 
    c0_scalable 
      c0_discrete 
  c0_objective : c0_resource_related_objective 
    c1_purpose : c0_objective_purpose 
      c0_mini$1 
    c1_criteria 
      c1_resource_related_objective_criteria : c0_resource_related_objective_criteria 
        c0_power_consumption 
        c0_throughput 
c0_cpu2 : c0_resource 
  c0_capacity$1 
  c0_resource_type$1 
    c0_abstraction$1 
      c0_ACTIVE$1 
    c0_identifier$1 
  c0_mode$1 
    c0_exclusive$1 
      c0_capacity_based$1 
  c1_power_consumption$1 
    c0_scalable$1 
      c0_discrete$1 
  c0_objective$1 : c0_resource_related_objective 
    c1_purpose$1 : c0_objective_purpose 
      c0_maxi 
    c1_criteria$1 
      c1_resource_related_objective_criteria$1 : c0_resource_related_objective_criteria 
        c0_utilization 
c0_CPUs : c0_resource 
  c0_capacity$2 
  c0_resource_type$2 
    c0_abstraction$2 
      c0_COMPOSITE 
    c0_identifier$2 
  c0_mode$2 
    c0_exclusive$2 
      c0_capacity_based$2 
      c0_semantic_based 
  c1_power_consumption$2 
c0_t1 : c0_task 
  c1_timing : c0_timing 
    c0_release_time 
    c0_execution_time 
    c0_deadline 
    c0_periodicity 
      c0_periodic 
  c0_priority 
  c1_requirement : c0_requirement 
    c1_deadline 
      c0_hard 
    c0_required_resources -> c0_resource_requirement = c0_req1 
  c0_granularity 
    c0_terminal 
c0_req1 : c0_resource_requirement 
  c0_eligible_resources -> c0_resource = c0_cpu1 
  c0_resource_identifier 
c0_t2 : c0_task 
  c1_timing$1 : c0_timing 
    c0_release_time$1 
    c0_execution_time$1 
    c0_deadline$1 
    c0_periodicity$1 
      c0_aperiodic 
  c0_priority$1 
  c0_preemptable 
  c1_requirement$1 : c0_requirement 
    c1_deadline$1 
      c0_hard$1 
    c0_required_resources$1 -> c0_resource_requirement = c0_req2 
  c0_granularity$1 
    c0_terminal$1 
c0_req2 : c0_resource_requirement 
  c0_eligible_resources$1 -> c0_resource = c0_cpu2 
  c0_resource_identifier$1 
c0_objective_gl : c0_global_objective 
  c2_purpose : c0_objective_purpose 
    c0_mini 
  c2_criteria 
    c2_time_related_objective_criteria : c0_time_related_objective_criteria 
      c0_tardiness 
c0_sched : c0_scheduler 
  c0_taskset -> c0_task = c0_t1 
  c0_taskset$1 -> c0_task = c0_t2 
  c0_system -> c0_resource = c0_cpu1 
  c0_system$1 -> c0_resource = c0_cpu2 
  c0_system$2 -> c0_resource = c0_CPUs 
  c0_properties : c0_scheduling_characteristic 
    c0_scheduling_characteristic_type 
      c0_offline 
    c0_policy : c0_scheduling_policy 
      c0_ranking 
        c0_user_defined 
    c0_time_resolution 
    c0_priority_assignment 
      c0_fixed 
    c0_scheduling_window 
    c2_objective -> c0_global_objective = c0_objective_gl 
  c0_strategy : c0_scheduling_strategy 
    c1_solver : c0_solver 
      c0_IBM_ILOG_CPLEX_Optimizer 
    c0_solver_meta_knowledge 
    c1_input : c0_input 
      c1_DSLB : c0_DSLB 
        c0_name -> string = "Domain-Specific Language Based" 
      c1_DSB : c0_DSB 
        c1_name -> string = "Domain Structure Based" 
    c1_output : c0_output 
      c2_DSLB : c0_DSLB 
        c0_name$1 -> string = "Domain-Specific Language Based" 
      c2_DSB : c0_DSB 
        c1_name$1 -> string = "Domain Structure Based" 

--- Instance 7 End ---

=== Instance 8 Begin ===

c0_cpu1 : c0_resource 
  c0_capacity 
  c0_resource_type 
    c0_abstraction 
      c0_ACTIVE 
    c0_identifier 
  c0_mode 
    c0_exclusive 
      c0_capacity_based 
  c1_power_consumption 
    c0_scalable 
      c0_discrete 
  c0_objective : c0_resource_related_objective 
    c1_purpose : c0_objective_purpose 
      c0_mini$1 
    c1_criteria 
      c1_resource_related_objective_criteria : c0_resource_related_objective_criteria 
        c0_power_consumption 
        c0_throughput 
c0_cpu2 : c0_resource 
  c0_capacity$1 
  c0_resource_type$1 
    c0_abstraction$1 
      c0_ACTIVE$1 
    c0_identifier$1 
  c0_mode$1 
    c0_exclusive$1 
      c0_capacity_based$1 
  c1_power_consumption$1 
    c0_scalable$1 
      c0_discrete$1 
  c0_objective$1 : c0_resource_related_objective 
    c1_purpose$1 : c0_objective_purpose 
      c0_maxi 
    c1_criteria$1 
      c1_resource_related_objective_criteria$1 : c0_resource_related_objective_criteria 
        c0_utilization 
        c0_throughput$1 
c0_CPUs : c0_resource 
  c0_capacity$2 
  c0_resource_type$2 
    c0_abstraction$2 
      c0_COMPOSITE 
    c0_identifier$2 
  c0_mode$2 
    c0_exclusive$2 
      c0_capacity_based$2 
      c0_semantic_based 
  c1_power_consumption$2 
c0_t1 : c0_task 
  c1_timing : c0_timing 
    c0_release_time 
    c0_execution_time 
    c0_deadline 
    c0_periodicity 
      c0_periodic 
  c0_priority 
  c1_requirement : c0_requirement 
    c1_deadline 
      c0_hard 
    c0_required_resources -> c0_resource_requirement = c0_req1 
  c0_granularity 
    c0_terminal 
c0_req1 : c0_resource_requirement 
  c0_eligible_resources -> c0_resource = c0_cpu1 
  c0_resource_identifier 
c0_t2 : c0_task 
  c1_timing$1 : c0_timing 
    c0_release_time$1 
    c0_execution_time$1 
    c0_deadline$1 
    c0_periodicity$1 
      c0_aperiodic 
  c0_priority$1 
  c0_preemptable 
  c1_requirement$1 : c0_requirement 
    c1_deadline$1 
      c0_hard$1 
    c0_required_resources$1 -> c0_resource_requirement = c0_req2 
  c0_granularity$1 
    c0_terminal$1 
c0_req2 : c0_resource_requirement 
  c0_eligible_resources$1 -> c0_resource = c0_cpu2 
  c0_resource_identifier$1 
c0_objective_gl : c0_global_objective 
  c2_purpose : c0_objective_purpose 
    c0_mini 
  c2_criteria 
    c2_time_related_objective_criteria : c0_time_related_objective_criteria 
      c0_tardiness 
c0_sched : c0_scheduler 
  c0_taskset -> c0_task = c0_t1 
  c0_taskset$1 -> c0_task = c0_t2 
  c0_system -> c0_resource = c0_cpu1 
  c0_system$1 -> c0_resource = c0_cpu2 
  c0_system$2 -> c0_resource = c0_CPUs 
  c0_properties : c0_scheduling_characteristic 
    c0_scheduling_characteristic_type 
      c0_offline 
    c0_policy : c0_scheduling_policy 
      c0_ranking 
        c0_user_defined 
    c0_time_resolution 
    c0_priority_assignment 
      c0_fixed 
    c0_scheduling_window 
    c2_objective -> c0_global_objective = c0_objective_gl 
  c0_strategy : c0_scheduling_strategy 
    c1_solver : c0_solver 
      c0_IBM_ILOG_CPLEX_Optimizer 
    c0_solver_meta_knowledge 
    c1_input : c0_input 
      c1_DSLB : c0_DSLB 
        c0_name -> string = "Domain-Specific Language Based" 
      c1_DSB : c0_DSB 
        c1_name -> string = "Domain Structure Based" 
    c1_output : c0_output 
      c2_DSLB : c0_DSLB 
        c0_name$1 -> string = "Domain-Specific Language Based" 
      c2_DSB : c0_DSB 
        c1_name$1 -> string = "Domain Structure Based" 

--- Instance 8 End ---

=== Instance 9 Begin ===

c0_cpu1 : c0_resource 
  c0_capacity 
  c0_resource_type 
    c0_abstraction 
      c0_ACTIVE 
    c0_identifier 
  c0_mode 
    c0_exclusive 
      c0_capacity_based 
  c1_power_consumption 
    c0_scalable 
      c0_discrete 
  c0_objective : c0_resource_related_objective 
    c1_purpose : c0_objective_purpose 
      c0_mini$1 
    c1_criteria 
      c1_resource_related_objective_criteria : c0_resource_related_objective_criteria 
        c0_power_consumption 
c0_cpu2 : c0_resource 
  c0_capacity$1 
  c0_resource_type$1 
    c0_abstraction$1 
      c0_ACTIVE$1 
    c0_identifier$1 
  c0_mode$1 
    c0_exclusive$1 
      c0_capacity_based$1 
      c0_semantic_based 
  c1_power_consumption$1 
    c0_scalable$1 
      c0_discrete$1 
  c0_objective$1 : c0_resource_related_objective 
    c1_purpose$1 : c0_objective_purpose 
      c0_maxi 
    c1_criteria$1 
      c1_resource_related_objective_criteria$1 : c0_resource_related_objective_criteria 
        c0_utilization 
c0_CPUs : c0_resource 
  c0_capacity$2 
  c0_resource_type$2 
    c0_abstraction$2 
      c0_COMPOSITE 
    c0_identifier$2 
  c0_mode$2 
    c0_exclusive$2 
      c0_capacity_based$2 
  c1_power_consumption$2 
c0_t1 : c0_task 
  c1_timing : c0_timing 
    c0_release_time 
    c0_execution_time 
    c0_deadline 
    c0_periodicity 
      c0_periodic 
  c0_priority 
  c1_requirement : c0_requirement 
    c1_deadline 
      c0_hard 
    c0_required_resources -> c0_resource_requirement = c0_req1 
  c0_granularity 
    c0_terminal 
c0_req1 : c0_resource_requirement 
  c0_eligible_resources -> c0_resource = c0_cpu1 
  c0_resource_identifier 
c0_t2 : c0_task 
  c1_timing$1 : c0_timing 
    c0_release_time$1 
    c0_execution_time$1 
    c0_deadline$1 
    c0_periodicity$1 
      c0_aperiodic 
  c0_priority$1 
  c0_preemptable 
  c1_requirement$1 : c0_requirement 
    c1_deadline$1 
      c0_hard$1 
    c0_required_resources$1 -> c0_resource_requirement = c0_req2 
  c0_granularity$1 
    c0_terminal$1 
c0_req2 : c0_resource_requirement 
  c0_eligible_resources$1 -> c0_resource = c0_cpu2 
  c0_resource_identifier$1 
c0_objective_gl : c0_global_objective 
  c2_purpose : c0_objective_purpose 
    c0_mini 
  c2_criteria 
    c2_time_related_objective_criteria : c0_time_related_objective_criteria 
      c0_tardiness 
c0_sched : c0_scheduler 
  c0_taskset -> c0_task = c0_t1 
  c0_taskset$1 -> c0_task = c0_t2 
  c0_system -> c0_resource = c0_cpu1 
  c0_system$1 -> c0_resource = c0_cpu2 
  c0_system$2 -> c0_resource = c0_CPUs 
  c0_properties : c0_scheduling_characteristic 
    c0_scheduling_characteristic_type 
      c0_offline 
    c0_policy : c0_scheduling_policy 
      c0_ranking 
        c0_user_defined 
    c0_time_resolution 
    c0_priority_assignment 
      c0_fixed 
    c0_scheduling_window 
    c2_objective -> c0_global_objective = c0_objective_gl 
  c0_strategy : c0_scheduling_strategy 
    c1_solver : c0_solver 
      c0_IBM_ILOG_CPLEX_Optimizer 
    c0_solver_meta_knowledge 
    c1_input : c0_input 
      c1_DSLB : c0_DSLB 
        c0_name -> string = "Domain-Specific Language Based" 
      c1_DSB : c0_DSB 
        c1_name -> string = "Domain Structure Based" 
    c1_output : c0_output 
      c2_DSLB : c0_DSLB 
        c0_name$1 -> string = "Domain-Specific Language Based" 
      c2_DSB : c0_DSB 
        c1_name$1 -> string = "Domain Structure Based" 

--- Instance 9 End ---

=== Instance 10 Begin ===

c0_cpu1 : c0_resource 
  c0_capacity 
  c0_resource_type 
    c0_abstraction 
      c0_ACTIVE 
    c0_identifier 
  c0_mode 
    c0_exclusive 
      c0_capacity_based 
  c1_power_consumption 
    c0_scalable 
      c0_discrete 
  c0_objective : c0_resource_related_objective 
    c1_purpose : c0_objective_purpose 
      c0_mini$1 
    c1_criteria 
      c1_resource_related_objective_criteria : c0_resource_related_objective_criteria 
        c0_power_consumption 
c0_cpu2 : c0_resource 
  c0_capacity$1 
  c0_resource_type$1 
    c0_abstraction$1 
      c0_ACTIVE$1 
    c0_identifier$1 
  c0_mode$1 
    c0_exclusive$1 
      c0_capacity_based$1 
      c0_semantic_based 
  c1_power_consumption$1 
    c0_scalable$1 
      c0_discrete$1 
  c0_objective$1 : c0_resource_related_objective 
    c1_purpose$1 : c0_objective_purpose 
      c0_maxi 
    c1_criteria$1 
      c1_resource_related_objective_criteria$1 : c0_resource_related_objective_criteria 
        c0_utilization 
        c0_throughput 
c0_CPUs : c0_resource 
  c0_capacity$2 
  c0_resource_type$2 
    c0_abstraction$2 
      c0_COMPOSITE 
    c0_identifier$2 
  c0_mode$2 
    c0_exclusive$2 
      c0_capacity_based$2 
  c1_power_consumption$2 
c0_t1 : c0_task 
  c1_timing : c0_timing 
    c0_release_time 
    c0_execution_time 
    c0_deadline 
    c0_periodicity 
      c0_periodic 
  c0_priority 
  c1_requirement : c0_requirement 
    c1_deadline 
      c0_hard 
    c0_required_resources -> c0_resource_requirement = c0_req1 
  c0_granularity 
    c0_terminal 
c0_req1 : c0_resource_requirement 
  c0_eligible_resources -> c0_resource = c0_cpu1 
  c0_resource_identifier 
c0_t2 : c0_task 
  c1_timing$1 : c0_timing 
    c0_release_time$1 
    c0_execution_time$1 
    c0_deadline$1 
    c0_periodicity$1 
      c0_aperiodic 
  c0_priority$1 
  c0_preemptable 
  c1_requirement$1 : c0_requirement 
    c1_deadline$1 
      c0_hard$1 
    c0_required_resources$1 -> c0_resource_requirement = c0_req2 
  c0_granularity$1 
    c0_terminal$1 
c0_req2 : c0_resource_requirement 
  c0_eligible_resources$1 -> c0_resource = c0_cpu2 
  c0_resource_identifier$1 
c0_objective_gl : c0_global_objective 
  c2_purpose : c0_objective_purpose 
    c0_mini 
  c2_criteria 
    c2_time_related_objective_criteria : c0_time_related_objective_criteria 
      c0_tardiness 
c0_sched : c0_scheduler 
  c0_taskset -> c0_task = c0_t1 
  c0_taskset$1 -> c0_task = c0_t2 
  c0_system -> c0_resource = c0_cpu1 
  c0_system$1 -> c0_resource = c0_cpu2 
  c0_system$2 -> c0_resource = c0_CPUs 
  c0_properties : c0_scheduling_characteristic 
    c0_scheduling_characteristic_type 
      c0_offline 
    c0_policy : c0_scheduling_policy 
      c0_ranking 
        c0_user_defined 
    c0_time_resolution 
    c0_priority_assignment 
      c0_fixed 
    c0_scheduling_window 
    c2_objective -> c0_global_objective = c0_objective_gl 
  c0_strategy : c0_scheduling_strategy 
    c1_solver : c0_solver 
      c0_IBM_ILOG_CPLEX_Optimizer 
    c0_solver_meta_knowledge 
    c1_input : c0_input 
      c1_DSLB : c0_DSLB 
        c0_name -> string = "Domain-Specific Language Based" 
      c1_DSB : c0_DSB 
        c1_name -> string = "Domain Structure Based" 
    c1_output : c0_output 
      c2_DSLB : c0_DSLB 
        c0_name$1 -> string = "Domain-Specific Language Based" 
      c2_DSB : c0_DSB 
        c1_name$1 -> string = "Domain Structure Based" 

--- Instance 10 End ---

